---
layout: default
---

# Terms of Service

Thank you for using Wordflow! Please read the Wordflow terms of service (“Terms of Service”) carefully. These Terms of Service govern your access to and use of Wordflow, and any updates, upgrades, modified versions, extensions, improvements and derivative works of the foregoing (collectively, the “Service”).

## Acceptance of Terms of Service

By accessing and/or using the Service, you irrevocably agree to these Terms of Service. If you do not agree to these Terms of Service, you may not access or use the Service.

Wordflow may, in its sole discretion, refuse to offer the Service to any person or entity and change its eligibility criteria at any time. This provision is void where prohibited by law and the right to access the Service is revoked in such jurisdictions.

## Modification of Terms of Service

At its sole discretion, Wordflow may modify or replace any of the Terms of Service, or change, suspend, or discontinue the Service at any time by posting a notice on the Wordflow website. Wordflow may also impose limits on certain features and services or restrict your access to parts or all of the Service without notice or liability. It is your responsibility to check the Terms of Service periodically for changes. Your continued use of the Service following the posting of any changes to the Terms of Service constitutes acceptance of those changes.

## Privacy

For information regarding Wordflow's treatment of personally identifiable information, please review Wordflow's current Privacy Policy.

## Acceptable Use

You may use the Service only for lawful purposes, and only in accordance with these Terms of Service. You shall not use or access the Service to: (i) transmit or transfer (by any means) information or software derived from the Service to foreign countries or certain foreign nations in violation of US export control laws, or (ii) violate or attempt to violate the security of the Service in any way.

## AI Use

Wordflow harnesses the power of AI, both proprietary and from trusted third-party providers, to provide you with a comprehensive suite of content generation capabilities. While Wordflow's AI-powered features are designed to assist you in drafting and revising presentations, it's important to note that the results are not intended to be final or definitive. They are provided "as is" and may not be entirely accurate, complete, or reliable.

Your inputs and the results generated by Wordflow constitute your customer data. You retain sole responsibility for the development, operation, maintenance, and use of this data. Due to the nature of AI functions, it's possible that multiple users may receive similar or identical results. You acknowledge this possibility and agree that your use of Wordflow and your customer data will comply with all applicable laws and the terms of our agreement.

## Termination

Wordflow reserves the right to suspend or terminate your access to the Service, in whole or in part, at any time, with or without notice, for any reason, including but not limited to: violation of these Terms of Service, failure to comply with applicable laws or regulations, disruption or interference with the Service, and security concerns. Upon termination, all rights and licenses granted to you under this Agreement shall immediately cease.

## Limitation of Liability

UNDER NO CIRCUMSTANCES WILL WORDFLOW BEAR RESPONSIBILITY FOR ANY SUBSEQUENT, UNINTENTIONAL, INDIRECT, EXCEPTIONAL, OR OTHER LOSS OR DETRIMENT OF ANY KIND (ENCOMPASSING, BUT NOT RESTRICTED TO, LOSS OF DATA, LOSS OF BUSINESS PROFITS, BUSINESS INTERRUPTION, COMPUTER FAILURE, LOSS OF BUSINESS INFORMATION) STEMMING FROM YOUR UTILIZATION OR INABILITY TO UTILIZE THE SERVICE, EVEN IF WORDFLOW HAS BEEN INFORMED OF THE POTENTIAL FOR SUCH DAMAGE. YOUR SOLE AND EXCLUSIVE RECOURSE FOR ANY DISPUTE WITH WORDFLOW PERTAINING TO ANY ASPECT OF THE SERVICE SHALL BE THE TERMINATION OF SAID SERVICE.

## Disclaimer

ALL USE OF THE SERVICE AND ANY CONTENT IS UNDERTAKEN ENTIRELY AT YOUR OWN RISK. THE SERVICE IS PROVIDED “AS IS” AND “AS AVAILABLE” AND IS WITHOUT WARRANTY OF ANY KIND, EXPRESS OR IMPLIED, INCLUDING, BUT NOT LIMITED TO, THE IMPLIED WARRANTIES OF TITLE, NON-INFRINGEMENT, MERCHANTABILITY AND FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE, AND ANY WARRANTIES IMPLIED BY ANY COURSE OF PERFORMANCE OR USAGE OF TRADE, ALL OF WHICH ARE EXPRESSLY DISCLAIMED.

## Contact Us

For questions regarding the Service, you can get in touch by emailing us at aishwarya.chakravarthy26@gmail.com.
